We should use shapes and not only dependent on color.
we can use shapes in graph.
proper contrast guideliness need to be followed.

animation close or slow down option should be there.
content should not be dependent on animation.
Do not use too much of flashing as it causes diziness/headache

we can remove default focus state like outline from <a> but we have to design a good custom focus state like bordering the tag.

Important buttons should be accessible from keyboard only.All the imp task should be done using keyboard.
keyboard trap should be taken care off with good javascript.

good working gestures.

If we are including any imgaes/video/audio provide a basic description about that on the same page, if it is imp then write the whole transcript.

use correct alt for correct talk back.

Label is mabdatory for the input fields.
If you are using radio it should by accesible on the whole text label of radio.

Resize text without overlapping or hdding text content.

Use proper tag with the use case.

The :focus state only applies to focusable elements, namely <a>, <button>, <input>, <textarea>, <select>, and <area>.

NVDA is screen reader used for accessibilty testing. two modes are there browse mode and focus mode.


------------------------
Types of Disablity-
Visual
Deaf and Hard of Hearing -- Captioning, Transcription , Open and Closed.
Congnitive - memory , Attention , Problem Solving , Reading
Motor - keybord browsimg , eye tracking , voice recogisation

WCAG - web content accesbility guidelines
Principles - 1. Perceivable -- add must alt tag, providing appropirate content , do not only give color representation.
							  contrast ratio - 5:1 , avoid auto play ,
			2. Operable -- Do everthing using keyboard that can be done using mouse , no Time contranits should be given
			3. Understandable --  avoiud jargons ,use shorter paragraph , avoid jargons , page focus is always visible , provide 						help option
			4. Robust -- content must make sense out of context.